Threat assessment is a fundamental part of the cyber security risk management process,
and I want to start with a quote that truly drives this point.
In The Art of War,
Sun Tzu shared an infamous quote that still rings true today.
A key point made here is that if you don't know yourself and you don't know your enemy,
you will lose every battle.
Now this doesn't just apply to physical wars.
In order to overcome cyber battles in defend against cyber attacks,
you have essentially know two things,
yourself and your enemy.
What this means in practice is that you have to
know the ins and outs of the company you are trying to protect.
Be familiar with the technology environment,
the people, the processes,
and all of the assets that make the company run,
and then by the phrase know your enemy,
it means that you also need to know the threats you face.
Who is out to get you and why?
By the end of this lesson,
you'll be able to explain the relationship between threats,
threat actors, vulnerabilities, and exploits,
you'll be able to utilize event contexts to identify potential threat actor motivations,
you'll be able to identify security threats
applicable to important organizational assets,
and you'll also learn to use standard frameworks to assess threats,
identify risks, and prioritize assets. Now let's get to it.
更多新版课程跟代码还有一对一VIP服务请加wx：udacity6